Update "Getting started" and "api" sections of the documentation (#74)
IAMconsortium/nomenclature: doc/source/getting_started.rst

A **RegionAggregationMapping** is a mapping that defines on a per-model basis how model
native regions should be renamed and aggregated to comparison regions.

> In order to reduce the amount of code required, there is a convenience function called

Author: Done

.. code-block:: python

  # Import the necessary libraries
  import pyam
  from nomenclature import DataStructureDefinition, RegionProcessor, process
  

>   # Initialize DataStructureDefinition and RegionProcessor giving them the
>   # directories where the codelists and mappings are defined as input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Initialize DataStructureDefinition from a suitable directory
```

>   dsd = DataStructureDefinition("definitions/")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dsd = DataStructureDefinition("definitions")
```

>   # Only to be used if there are mappings!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Initialize a RegionProcessor from a suitable directory that has the mappings
```

>   rp = RegionProcessor.from_directory("mappings/", dsd)

Reviewer: The `dsd` argument was removed, right?
```suggestion
  rp = RegionProcessor.from_directory("mappings")
```

  
  # Read the data using pyam

>   iam_results_file = "some file"
>   df = pyam.IamDataFrame(iam_results_file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  df = pyam.IamDataFrame("/path/to/file")
```

>   # Using the process function we perform the validation of allowed regions and
>   # variables as well as the aggregation (if applicable) in one step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Perform the validation and apply the region aggregation
```

  df = process(df, dsd, processor=rp)

**Notes**

* The pyam library is required as *process* takes a *pyam.IamDataFrame* as input.

* *DataStructureDefinition* and *RegionProcessor* are initialized from directories
  containing yaml files. See :ref:`dir-structure` for details. 

* The processor argument of *process* is optional and may only to be used if there are  
  model mappings. See :ref:`process-function` for details.

* If not all dimensions of the **DataStructureDefinition** should be validated, a

>   *dimensions* argument in form of a list of strings can be provided. Only the provided dimensions will then be validated. See :ref:`process-function` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *dimensions* argument in form of a list of strings can be provided. Only the provided dimensions will then be validated. See :func:`nomenclature.process` for details.
```

Author: Ah that's how you link functions directly, great, thanks.
